Content: Water quality and covid 19 (#231)
NASA-IMPACT/veda-config: discoveries/water-quality-and-covid-19.discoveries.mdx

  <Prose>
    ## Air Quality, Water Quality and COVID-19

  California was one of the first places in the United States to impose COVID-19 related restrictions. A shelter-in-place mandate went into effect for six counties in the San Francisco metropolitan area on March 17, 2020.
  
  NASA scientists are using satellite data to investigate the connection between observed changes in air and water quality since the mandate began. Nitrogen compounds, commonly found in air pollutants, can contribute to the formation of algal blooms in water and cause water bodies to become more acidic.
  
  Research using satellite data to detect changes in levels of algae (chlorophyll-a) and total suspended solids across multiple sites, including the San Francisco Bay, have shown improvements in water quality during recent shutdowns. The lessons learned from this work will help inform similar work in other coastal cities.
  </Prose>
  <Figure>
    <Map
      datasetId='no2'
      layerId='no2-monthly-diff'
      center={[-122.097, 37.573]}
      zoom={9}
      dateTime='2015-01-01'
      compareDateTime='2020-04-01'
    />
    <Caption 
      attrAuthor='NASA' 
      attrUrl='https://nasa.gov/'
    >

>       Darker colors indicate higher nitrogen dioxide (NO₂) levels associated and more activity. Lighter colors indicate lower levels of NO₂ and less activity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Redder colors indicate higher nitrogen dioxide (NO₂) levels associated and more activity. Bluer colors indicate lower levels of NO₂ and less activity.
```
